Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?

    In house we decided to overload the contsructor because the default would be every house does not have a dining room and an elevator unless stated otherwise. For another constructor we assumed the same but also that unless stated otherwise the houses do not have kitchens. For the Library class we overloaded the addTitle() method because some titles might be numerical such as the book 1984 which converts it into a string to be put into the hastable. Following this logic we also overloaded the following methods: removeTitle(), checkOut(), returnBook(), containsTitle(), and isAvailable(). All these methods took in the parameter title as an int and then converted it into a string to check that it was able to be returned, added, removed, and checked out. In the Cafe class we overloaded the methods sellCoffee() and restock(). We did this based on a pairing given that a customer might want a black coffee making the default value of cream and sugar to zero. Then this specific method would call an overloaded restock() method to make sure that only coffee is restocked since it is the only ingredient needed for this as sugar and cream are of no importance to this type of sellCoffee(). 

- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
    We learned that when overloading methods it is a bit tricky as it doens't focus at all on the variable names of the parameters but rather the data type of them. We discovered this when trying to make an overload methof for sell coffee when two parameters were int whether that was size and cream or size and sugar. I advise students to connect the methods to the real world because it helps to make sense as to which overloaders would be usless and which make the most sense. I also recommend thinking through how the call signatures would be similar or different because you will be able to catch errors faster and think of other ways to impliment better overloaders.

